Doc improvement: Adding some content for Apache Kafka components (#548)
knative/eventing-contrib: kafka/channel/README.md

## Deployment steps

1. Setup [Knative Eventing](../../DEVELOPMENT.md)

> 1. If not done already, install an Apache Kafka cluster!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install an Apache Kafka cluster, if you have not done so already.
```
